For the Krusty Krab Website, I, Lauren McConaughey, took on the stylistic and written aspects of the website. 
For the homepage, I decided to keep it simple. A light blue was used for the background to reflect that the restaurant is under the water. Red was used for subtitles to make it stand out from the body of text. I chose the dark red specifically because it complimented some of the red accents within the restuarant (examples being the tables and red in the sign outside). We wanted to play around with fonts but struggled to see results when including them so we removed them. 
The two pictures at the bottom of the homepage were used to entice the 'customers' to a recognizable setting (the outside shot of the building) as well as highlighting the owner and employees who worked there (Mr. Krabs, Squidward, and Spongebob). 
As for the About Us page, I kept the light blue background and red subtitle to keep it consistent with the homepage. For the text, I really wanted it to match the tone and personality of the show, keeping it light and playful in the vibes. 
This can be seen with the pirate-y diction and the constant focus on money/sales is what Mr. Krabs would be focused on most. By incorporating these aspects, I think it's what differientiates the Krusty Krab website as opposed to any other fast food website. 
The two pictures included at the bottom are reflective on the contents talked about in the about section. The Krabby Patty is the most famous burger in Bakini Bottom and it would be the highlight of the menu. I also included the rest of the menu on the page for the 'customers' to view as well to see the variety of options.
